[SHURI giggles]
Yay, Mommy!
Stop bothering Mom!
She needs to rest all she
can in order to get better.
It's all right.
It's good for me to
get up and move around
so I can build my strength.
[YUNA] True. And you need to
eat lots of nutritious food.
What would be good?
Maybe fresh eggs or something?
[ALL]
Like real eggs?
They're so yummy!
[TIERMINA] Yes, delicious and
nutritious!
They are good, but eggs can be
really hard to find in Crimonia.
[gasps]
Now that I think about it,
I guess eggs are
a rare commodity here.
So, what's the
best way to get some?
There is Kai's village.
But it would be kinda hard
to travel there all the time
even if I rode on
Kumayuru and Kumakyu.
Aw, man, I just wish I
could eat eggs more often.
I beat that black
viper not long ago.
Maybe I picked up
some cool, useful skill.
Not that things are
ever that convenient.
[gasps]
[YUNA]
Bear Transfer Gate?
Take care of yourself, kid
[KAI]
Thanks! You, too, miss!
[YUNA] We had that
beautiful, storybook ending.
Who knew I'd come right back?
You can visit us anytime, Miss!
Here. Fresh kokekko eggs!
[YUNA]
Thanks a lot, kid.
Fair warning,
I'll probably be back soon
to buy even more from ya.
Come on, I keep telling
you that I can't take money
from the person who saved
our village, remember?
[YUNA] These are completely
different circumstances.
It's a business transaction,
so I intend to do things
properly, ya got it?
[KAI]
Uh...
[YUNA]
Alrighty, then. See ya later.
Yep, safe travels!
That's weird.
No bears?
Awesome, it looks
like both people
and monsters avoid this area.
It's perfect for what I need.
[YUNA]
Heh! Installation complete!
It's warp time!
Hey, Fina, you in here?
Uh‐huh! I'm just finishing up.
Here's everything
I harvested today.
[YUNA] Is it just me,
or is her harvesting
technique getting
better by the day?
The whole spread looks
excellent as always.
Here's your regular pay,
plus a little bonus.
A bonus? Are these real eggs?
[YUNA] Yep, your mom
needs the nourishment, right?
I mean, she does. And look,
I appreciate the thought,
but this is way too expensive!
Actually, it's
pretty affordable.
The reason it's
so expensive here
is because of the cost to
transport the item safely.
But the eggs themselves
are something that
you can easily buy with
just your normal earnings.
Are you serious?
[YUNA] And since I
transported them myself,
it was super cheap.
Yuna, you can't keep doing that!
What about Kumakyu and Kumayuru?
It's not fair to them.
[YUNA] Nah. It only takes me
ten minutes to get there.
Really?
[YUNA]
Come on, I'll show you.
[FINA]
Uh!
[YUNA] I can go anywhere I've
set up a Bear Transfer Gate;
all I gotta do is imagine
which gate I want to go to.
It's cool but
setting up the gate
can be kind of a pain, ya know?
Hey, Fina. Do you
know of any other
instantaneous teleportation
spells like this?
No, not a single one.
[YUNA]
Huh?
[FINA] I've never heard
of such convenient magic‐‐
not in my whole life.
[YUNA] Uh... well, I'm the
only one who can use the gates,
so I'm sure it'll be fine
as long as I don't brag.
[YUNA chuckles]
Hey, let's play
a game. I call it,
"Don't tell anyone else about
the Bear Transfer Gate ever."
Sure. Sounds like a lot of fun.
[YUNA] There are still a lot
of ingredients I haven't found.
My kingdom for some
rice and soy sauce.
[YUNA]
Gimme the usual, please!
You've got it! Only the best
for my favorite bear customer.
[YUNA] Mm! Not surprisingly,
it smells amazing!
[gasps]
[YUNA]
Hey. What's up with the kids?
[VENDOR 5A]
They're from the orphanage
on the outskirts of town.
Sometimes they come
and loiter around here.
[YUNA]
Why?
[VENDOR 5A]
Hoping for customers' leftovers.
I can't complain since
it's unwanted food.
[YUNA]
That's weird.
Don't they get some kind
of funding from the town?
Yes, I'm pretty sure they do,
but from the looks of it,
things must be tight over there.
[YUNA] In that case,
I'd like 30 more kebabs.
Huh?
Don't do it.
Even if you can feed them all
today, what about tomorrow?
[gasps]
[YUNA]
Hey there, do you have a minute?
[GROUP gasps]
[LIZ]
Kids!
Please remember to thank
Miss Yuna before eating them!
[CHILDREN] Thank you so much
for the wolf kebab, Bear Lady!
There's plenty more
where that came from,
so please eat until you're full!
I'm so sorry if our children
caused you any trouble.
I promise you they aren't
any trouble, Director.
Sorry to pry,
but what's the story with
your financial situation?
It's strange‐‐we were
receiving financial support
from the lord of this town,
but it suddenly
stopped a few months ago.
[YUNA gasps]
[BOW] We were told
that there was no money
to waste on such an
"unproductive facility."
[YUNA]
Seriously?
[BOW] We've been collecting
as much left‐over food
as we possibly can around town.
But it just hasn't been enough.
It breaks my heart
when I hear about
the children having
to beg for food.
Is something wrong?
You've done so much.
How can we thank you?
I didn't do that much‐‐
just little fixes.
And I had some
extra leftover meat
from all my wolf hunting so...
Miss Bear, are you leaving?
[YUNA gasping]
Enough! We have to let
Miss Yuna go home now.
That's right,
and we need to thank her.
‐‐[YUNA chuckles]
‐‐[CHILDREN] Okay...
Thank you so much, Miss Bear!
Yeah, thanks for
everything, Bear Lady!
[YUNA chuckles]
I'll be back, 'kay?
[CHILDREN]
Bye!
[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU squeaking]
Why go through all this trouble
for a bunch of strangers?
No reason. I just think that
children deserve to be happy.
[BOW gasps]
Oh, I see.
By the way, I'm tight
with the lord here,
so I'm just gonna
go file a complaint
on behalf of the orphanage!
If he doesn't help, I'll
give him a bear punch or two.
[BOW gasps]
Please don't do that!
[YUNA]
Huh?
[BOW] The lord has allowed
us to live on this land
without paying any sort of rent.
But If we upset him,
the children won't have
any food or a place to live.
Please leave it be.
Curse that stupid lord.
I can't help it. I just
wanna bear punch that guy!
[YUNA sighs]
[YUNA]
This blows.
How do I help the orphanage?
[giggles, grunts]
[YUNA] I can't just give
everything to them.
[YUNA sighs]
[FINA]
Hey, Yuna! Guess what?
My mom can actually
move around normally now.
Oh, yeah? That's great news.
[FINA] Uh‐huh, so she's
looking for a job.
I think it's because of the
nutritious eggs you gave us.
Eating them helped her
recover even quicker!
You know what,
I bet people would be happy
if they could buy them in town.
Yeah, but bringing that many
eggs here would be a tall order,
even for someone
like me‐‐[gasps]
[YUNA]
Or maybe...
...I wouldn't have to...
...if I had a little help.
That's it!
Wait, you'd like to buy
more land? What for?
Uh!
As I suspected, you're
a very interesting person.
I'll approve it.
[gasps]
[YUNA chuckles]
There's no escaping your fate,
so you'd better give up and
come with me, my sweet kokkekos.
You know they can't
understand you, right, Yuna?
♪ Riding on my bears with
my newly acquired wares! ♪
Looks like there
aren't any people around.
Which means we can
go full steam ahead!
[BOW gasps]
[LIZ gasps]
[CHILDREN gasp]
[CHILDREN chatter]
Huh, they're birds.
They're so cute!
What is this, Miss Liz?
Who knows? It was
here when I woke up.
[YUNA]
It was me. I made it last night.
[BOTH gasping]
[CHILDREN]
It's the bear lady!
So, Yuna, what is this
exciting new job opportunity
you were telling me about?
Who's she?
Can you please tell
us what's going on?
Guess what? You're all winners!
But lucky for you,
the prize is job security!
[YUNA] Basically, the job is
taking care of the kokekkos
together at the orphanage.
[BOY 5B]
You mean these bird things?
That's correct.
You gotta let the kokekkos
play outside, clean their coop,
and give them plenty of food,
so they're always happy‐‐
and do it every single day.
Also,
you have to deliver
the eggs you collect
in the morning to the shops.
[BOW]
I think I get it.
Basically, we'll run the
orphanage using profits
made from selling the
expensive eggs, right?
Uh‐huh. Once you get
used to raising them,
then we'll increase
the number of kokekkos,
which of course means there'll
be even more eggs daily.
Hold on just a moment.
Won't having more eggs
decrease their overall value?
Yeah, that's what I want.
If they stay expensive,
then people might target the
orphanage and the kokkekos.
Not to mention, I'm going
through the merchant's guild
to provide a legit
front for extra security.
So if something were to happen,
they'll invoke the
name of the Bloody Bear.
So you put this whole plan
into action just for us?
[YUNA] This is the
most I can do for you.
Everything else
is up to you guys.
[CHILDREN grunt]
I won't lie‐‐this is going
to be very hard work, children.
Ultimately, I'll leave
the decision up to you.
[BOTH grunt]
If we agree to do this work,
does it mean the director
and teacher can stop crying?
[BOTH gasp]
[YUNA]
Mm.
Okay! I'm in!
‐‐[BOY 5C] Me, too!
‐‐[BOY 5D] And me!
[GIRL 5H]
I'll take care of the birds!
Children.
Thank you all so much.
[YUNA giggles] Anyway, that
brings me to Miss Tiermina.
Sorry, but why me?
Miss Tiermina will be
your representative.
If you have any questions at
all, you can ask her, okay?
[CHILDREN]
Thanks, Miss Tiermina!
Whoa, hold on, Yuna!
Is this what you meant when you
said you had a job opportunity?
Sure is.
Their representative
needs to be an actual adult.
I don't understand
why it's me, though!
Besides this is your business
plan; shouldn't it be you?
Ugh, no way, managing
money is such a hassl‐‐
I mean, has to be something
you're totally good at!
Oh, please, you almost called
it a hassle just now, right?!
[YUNA]
What do we have here?
To what do I owe the pleasure of
this unexpected visit, my lord?
[CLIFF]
If I recall correctly,
I told you there's no need
for such formalities, Yuna.
I do apologize, Lord Cliff.
It slipped my mind.
[CLIFF]
I came to ask you something.
[YUNA] I figured I'd
hear from you soon enough,
but I wasn't exactly hiding it.
So why won't you sell any
eggs to the Foschurose family?
The sale of local
eggs has increased?
[LOND]
Yes. It hasn't been enough
to saturate the
market or anything,
but it is much more than normal.
Well, that all sounds
like good news to me.
What bothers you about this
particular development, Lond?
[LOND] You see, sir, I recently
learned that the eggs in town
are being sold directly
through the merchant's guild,
but when I tried
to purchase them,
I was told it was against
their contract to sell to us.
[gasps]
[CLIFF]
I went to confirm the details
with the merchant's
guild myself.
I couldn't imagine
who would want to
restrict the sale of eggs
to my family, but then,
I found out you
made the contract.
But what I don't
understand is why.
Easy‐‐it's because the
orphanage produced those eggs.
The orphanage? But what
does that have to do with you
not wanting to sell
any eggs to my family?
[YUNA grunts]
Are you serious right now?
I am.
[YUNA] You stopped
supporting the orphanage
for such a selfish reason.
I can't believe you would even
ask.
[CLIFF] What?
[YUNA] You're the worst!
Maybe it's true that the
orphanage
doesn't contribute much to the
town.
But what about the future of
those children?
I'll never forgive
your selfishness!
For treating them like dirt!
[CLIFF]
What? I don't understand‐‐
[YUNA]
Those children were ignored.
They were forced to
beg for scraps in town.
The teachers had to watch those
poor kids begging for food.
They were doing their best,
but even the adults
there had to ask for help,
because everything was so awful.
They couldn't
even make ends meet.
The children worked
hard to collect those eggs.
So that makes them
a precious commodity.
And that's why...
...I can't allow someone
so selfish to eat them!
[gasps]
[CLIFF]
Yuna. Please, just listen‐‐
It's only by some weird chance
that I even came to this town.
But I've met a lot of good
people while I was here.
It's been really fun.
And I thought that
maybe you were the reason
why this town
was so interesting.
[YUNA]
But now that I know the truth,
I'm not sure I like it anymore!
That's enough! Listen to me.
Yuna. You may not
believe me, but I promise...
[grunts]
[YUNA whimpers]
Excuse me, I have
business to attend to.
Master Cliff, I see you've
returned from your trip.
[CLIFF] Lond, Investigate
what is happening to the funds
for the orphanage immediately.
[LOND]
The orphanage, sir?
That's right. I want to
find the person responsible
for making me look so selfish.
Now, please!
[LOND grunts]
[CLIFF]
There is no mistake?
No, sir.
The evidence suggests that
the administrator responsible
for handling the
orphanage, Enz Roland,
has been embezzling
all the funds.
I see. It was Enz.
Is there more? Tell me, Lond.
It was a rather lengthy
investigation, my lord,
but when I looked
into it further,
I discovered that
Mister Roland has been
embezzling funds from
various town budgets.
[CLIFF] The documents
have been tampered with.
He probably bribed
some officials.
You have sharp eyes, sir.
[CLIFF]
Don't flatter me.
If that were really the case,
I would have noticed what
he was doing immediately.
This whole thing is my fault.
No wonder Yuna was so angry.
[LOND] It turns out
the entire Roland family
has been using their position
to cause numerous
incidents in town.
[LOND] So far, we have
discovered occurrences of
violence, bribery,
abduction of goods, and more.
[CLIFF] And he's used
his power to cover it up.
Bring that pig
to me immediately!
It's time he faces
judgement for his crimes.
I'm glad to see you
in good health, sir.
It's unusual for you to summon
me so late. How can I help you?
Not that I'm complaining!
As your loyal subject,
I'm happy to assist you no
matter what time it is‐‐
Please, the only thing
you're loyal to is money.
[ENZ gulps]
Stop playing games!
I know your secret;
you've been embezzling funds
from all over town, haven't you?
No, why would you make
such a baseless claim?
[CLIFF] That's what I heard from
the people at the orphanage.
Tch. This is clearly a ruse!
I'm sure they think
they will get more money
if they said they never
received it! How sad!
Honestly, you shouldn't
trust the crazy ramblings
of those lowlife gutter rats.
[CLIFF] So then I guess I
shouldn't believe the rumors
that the projects you're
responsible for
have yet to progress either?
Oh, we're just a bit
behind schedule, my lord.
Perhaps the projects
would progress more smoothly
if you were to give us an
even bigger budget for them.
Really now?
I doubt that will help you.
Especially considering my troops
are currently at your mansion.
[ENZ grunts]
Whatever for?
I sent them to seize
the evidence of your crimes
and capture members of your
family with whom you colluded.
See,
I couldn't have
you get in my way,
which is why you're here.
[ENZ grunts]
You bastard!
You're just a country‐side lord!
How dare you
disrespect the Rolands!
‐‐[CLIFF grunts]
‐‐[ENZ groans]
You were the one who told me
not to trust the crazy ramblings
of lowlife gutter rats, Enz.
I'm just heeding your advice.
Seems we've wrapped up
the last of the loose ends.
[CLIFF]
Not yet.
There's still one very
important thing to do.
Please do forgive me.
The funding for the orphanage
was only halted because
of my incompetence;
I should have kept a closer
eye on my subordinate.
No, please, my lord,
there's no need to apologize!
[TIERMINA]
What in the world did you do
to make the lord bow to
the director like that?
Uh, I don't know
to be honest with you.
If anything, I thought
I'd ticked him off.
I really am sorry,
and I swear that this sort
of thing will never happen
to the orphanage again.
That's very kind of you, sir.
Don't worry.
I intend to immediately
reinstate all the funds‐‐
just tell me what you need.
[BOW] With all due respect,
we no longer need to be funded.
Thanks to Miss Yuna's help,
we have obtained a means to live
without needing your assistance.
Things may not go perfectly, but
we're hopeful for the future.
And with such
wonderful children,
I'm sure it will be
a bright one at that.
I couldn't agree more, Director!
[CHILDREN chatter]
Right, I see.
Well then,
will you at least let me
do some renovations?
It seems someone was kind
enough to patch things up,
but it still
looks a little shaky.
[YUNA]
Mm! Mm...
[CLIFF]
Thank you, Yuna.
If not for you, it might
have been even longer
before I discovered the
depth of Enz's crimes.
[YUNA groans]
What's wrong, Yuna?
Why so rolly?
[YUNAs muffled]
It's just,
I kind of acted like an
immature brat, you know?
I mean, I bailed
out the orphanage,
labeled the lord as
some kind of evil jerk
without really
investigating things,
and then got
childish revenge on him
by refusing to sell him eggs.
I'm the worst.
I hate everything.
I'm so embarrassed I could die!
[giggles] Mom told
me what you did.
How you helped out
the town's orphanage
when they were in trouble.
Sometimes I saw those
children standing around town
begging for food.
But the worst part of it
was knowing that there was no
way I could really help them.
[FINA] You were different
though, Yuna.
You were able to save those
children, and in the process,
you made some bad people
pay for their crimes.
I mean, that's pretty
amazing if you ask me.
Uh!
[FINA chuckles] Thank you for
doing such a good job today.
[YUNA]
Mm.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma.